Now very important steps for PR Interaction App.
Currently PR Interaction App has workers.
These workers came from server. The user's profiles.
So when user clicks the start button for a worker in worker panel in PR Interaction App, the app sends api to server to get an issue with status = "Initialized" in user's issue list and server returns an issue to client app. And as you know the all Interactions should work on multiple threads. In this point of view, you have to refer the method I used in PR Preparation App. The important point here is to manage the chrome profiles. Because of authentications, it's required to open chrome but each profiles (workers) need to verify their authentication using their chrome profiles.
I have a idea. I will name the chrome profiles like "Diego Ferreira" or "Matheus Souza" and the profile names from server is the same.
So After you get the profiles from server, when you open a chrome browser (you will need when you do interactions for authentications) you have to open a browser with same name of the profile's name.
This is very important. And next important thing is that when you open any browsers, you have to schedule it to browser manager queue. I think you must be very familiar with this concept since we used this in PR Preparation App alot. This means you schedule the chrome browser open request to the browser manager queue and once a browser managing finished and poped up from the queue, the next request can be managed. I think you know about this. Important thing is that the PR Preparation App and PR Interaction App should use same Browser Manager Queue. Because these two apps running on same machine. Only one browser should be opened in a same time. And sometimes I can see some bugs on Interaction App. You have to make very similar UI for PR Interaction App with PR Preparation App.
In detail, The PR Interaction App's Worker Panel should be similar with PR Preparation App. But in PR Interaction APP, you cannot remove any workers because they are on server.
You have to split the Terminal Board like PR Preparation App and make user see the tmux result like PR Preparation App. But the difference is that PR Preparation APP was only using tmux attach -t UUID-B. But in PR Interaction App, you should use tmux attach -t UUID-B And tmux attach -t UUID-A in the same directory and two terminal. So after spliting the UI into 2 parts, you have to split that UI again 2 parts left and right to display 2 terminals. All of the boards should be resizable like PR Preparation App. When start the Interaction, you have to send API to server and server should set the Assigned Profile and Inter Started At. And PR Interaction App also should send Last Interaction Ping every 1 min and server should update this value. Once the Interaction Finished, you have to send Inter Finished At, and Anthropic UUID and First Prompt (You can get this from result.json first "prompt" value). In terms of Anthropic UUID, you get it from output panel. I think you know about this already. In terms of Final Tar File Name (this is new field), you make tar file inside result directory and you have to get that name and send to server.
Start Implementation



Currently, in the python client app, you are working in a directory you created in Documents Directory using DateTime. First of all, you have to create directory using datetime (YYYY-mm-dd-hour-minute-seconds-issue_number) issue number is the issue's number. in the issue https://github.com/sanic-org/sanic/issues/2948, issue number is 2948.
From now on, in the Preparation App, you don't need to zip the folder and send file uploading server.
You just keep it on Documents Folder. Instead, before you were sending the upload file name to server as Zip File Name. But Now Rename that Work Directory and send directory name (YYYY-mm-dd-hour-minute-seconds-issue_number). You have to display it in workflow panel instead of Zip File Name in Step 3. After Interaction Finished, when the Interaction App starts, originally it was downloading file on Downloads directory from the file uploading server and unzip it and working on that directory. But now you can simply get the Work Directory Name from server and located in that directory and start Interaction working there. Other things are similar. After the interaction finished, You zip the whole directory and upload to file uploading server. But now don't do that we don't need that. You just send the Tar File Name to the server. All workflow is clean.
Now you are 100% free from the File upload server. So don't think about it anymore.
And in terms of working directory, Currently the mother directory is Documents Directory as default. But you should make it possible to change it in the setting of python client app. Once you change it on the setting, it should be saved in the OS. The default directory is Documents.
All clear? Now start fixing.